Bits:

Stuff       - Obstacle
Literal     - Bond
Figurative  - Affliction
Things      - Privation
Distinction - ???

The Is        - Affliction, Bond, Privation, Obstacle, ???
The Beyond    - Bond, Privation, Obstacle, ???
The Bleakness - Privation, Obstacle, ???
The Not       - Obstacle, ???
The Outside   - ???

Powers of The Is are Afflictions plus one of Bond (Bondholder), Privation (Ritualist), Obstacle (Knight), ??? (Chooser)
Powers of The Beyond are Bond plus one of Privation (The Vile Things), Obstacle (Riders?), ??? (Kings of the Beyond)
Powers of The Bleakness are Privation plus one of Obstacle, ???
Powers of The Not are Obstacle, plus ??? ()
Powers of The Outside are unknowable

---


All sovereigns are fundamentally an Affliction, Figuratively a chunk of reality walking around.

But they also have a primary trait of the remaining four which affects many things.

Stuff Sovereigns are Sovereigns of Action. They have fast miracles, like a surge of miraculous power, and they operate on immediate timescales.

Literal Sovereigns are Sovereign Bondholders. Their miracles are like reality trying to prove something true. Their miracles are slow, but almost impossible to resist head on, a shepard tone of power, and they operate on seasonal timescales.

Thing Sovereigns are Sovereign Presents. Their miracles are like a surprise birthday party where you get a present, a box with a mystery inside, which could be anything from a dollar store gag gift to an increadibly personal one of a kind thing that you could not have imagined...

Distinction Sovereigns are exceptions and VIPs. Their miracles are like noticing something...

---

Literal Sovereigns and Distinction Sovereigns can take some of their domain and share it with other Sovereigns whom they act a Suzerain to.

This can act in a few ways:

The Literal Sovereign can be a Lord with a Stuff Sovereign as a Knight; the Literal Sovereign can be a mass of Serfs with a Stuff Sovereign as a smaller mass of Knights.

---

Summoning from Beyond is a Distinction; it is legal to summon anything except a Power. If you walk too far along this path you will become a King of the Beyond when you die.

Distinctions can have a Kantian logic-within-a-word ie a priori analytic (maybe a priori synthetic???) decomposition, but nothing further.
